“Do or do not... there is no try.”  — Yoda
“I find your lack of faith disturbing.” — Darth Vader
“Your eyes can deceive you, don’t trust them.” — Obi-Wan Kenobi
“Already know you that which you need.” — Yoda
“Never tell me the odds.” — Han Solo
“Once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny.” — Yoda
“You will find that many of the truths we cling to depend greatly on our own point of view.” — Obi-Wan Kenobi
“It’s a trap.” — Admiral Ackbar  
“Impossible to see, the future is.” — Yoda
“Who’s the more foolish, the fool? Or the fool who follows him?” — Obi-Wan Kenobi
“All mentors have a way of seeing more of our faults than we would like. It’s the only way we grow.” — Padmé Amidala
“Fear leads to anger. Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to suffering.” — Yoda
“Your focus determines your reality.” – Qui-Gon Jinn
“In my experience there is no such thing as luck.” – Obi-Wan Kenobi
“Great, kid. Don’t get cocky.” – Han Solo
“Stay on target.” – Gold Five
“This is a new day, a new beginning.” – Ahsoka Tano
“Always more questions than answers, there are.” — Yoda
“The Force will be with you. Always.” — Obi-Wan Kenobi
“There’s always a bigger fish.” — Qui-Gon Jinn
“The Dark Side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be … unnatural.” — Chancellor Palpatine
“Logic is the beginning of wisdom, not the end.” — Spock
“You may find that having is not so pleasing a thing as wanting. This is not logical, but it is often true.” — Spock
“Sometimes a feeling is all we humans have to go on.” — Kirk
“Insufficient facts always invite danger.” — Spock
“It is possible to commit no errors and still lose. That is not a weakness. That is life.” — Picard
“Act, and you shall have dinner; wait, and you shall be dinner.” – Gowron
“A little suffering is good for the soul.” – Kirk, "The Corbomite Maneuver"
“One does not thank logic.” – Sarek, "Journey to Babel"
“One of the advantages of being a captain is being able to ask for advice without necessarily having to take it.” – Kirk, "Dagger of the Mind"
“When a child is taught ... its programmed with simple instructions, and at some point, if its mind develops properly, it exceeds the sum of what it was taught, thinks independently.” – Dr. Richard Daystrom, "The Ultimate Computer"
“Change is the essential process of all existence.” – Spock
“Computers make excellent and efficient servants, but I have no wish to serve under them.” – Spock, "The Ultimate Computer"
“A library serves no purpose unless someone is using it.” – Mr. Atoz, "All Our Yesterdays"
“When dreams become more important than reality, you give up travel, building, creating; you even forget how to repair the machines left behind by your ancestors. You just sit living and reliving other lives left behind in the thought records.” – Vina, "The Menagerie" ("The Cage")
“Improve a mechanical device and you may double productivity. But improve man, you gain a thousandfold.” – Khan Noonian Singh, "Space Seed"
“You know the greatest danger facing us is ourselves, and irrational fear of the unknown. There is no such thing as the unknown. Only things temporarily hidden, temporarily not understood.” – Kirk, "The Corbomite Maneuver"


    